docs: add mesheryctl e2e contribution guideline (#14006)
meshery/meshery: mesheryctl/tests/e2e/README.md

## Prerequisites

Before diving into mesheryctl's testing environment, certain prerequisites are necessary:

- A verified account in your chosen provider which integrate with Meshery.
- bash as shell terminal
- Installations of Golang, NodeJS and Makefiles for Native OS build (Optional for docker based build).
- Kubernetes clusters (Required for connection to Kubernetes test cases)
- Meshery server up and running

### Authtentication

To run the tests successfully, you need be logged. 

### Check log in status

```bash
mesheryctl system check
```

If you need to authenticate, you will see the following message

> > Error: !! Authentication token not found. Please supply a valid user token. Login with `mesheryctl system login`

Reviewer: @lekaf974 I wonder if this is needed to run the tests since it is already covered in `setup_suite.bash`

Users can simply have a Kubernetes cluster running along with other prerequisites and they can run `bats run_tests.bash` to run the tests locally.

Author: `mesheryctl system login` is not done in those tests setup_suite.bash will work in CI but not locally

# Contributing to mesheryctl's End-to-End tests

> To automate ne-to-end testing mesehryctl uses [bats](https://github.com/bats-core/bats-core) framework to automate cli testing. End-to-end run to ensure that the changes do not break te existing functionnality.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
End-to-end testing of `mesheryctl` uses the [Bash Automated Testing System](https://github.com/bats-core/bats-core) (BATS) framework to define and execute CLI tests. Each test case is designed to mimic the experience that a Meshery CLI user might have while interacting with `mesheryctl` in their terminal of choice. In this sense, `mesheryctl` tests run end-to-end with each pull request submitted containing changes to either the `/mesheryctl` or the `/server` directories in the `meshery/meshery` repository, ensuring that changes included in those pull requests do not break the existing CLI functionality.
```

## Starting up Server

There are a few ways to set up the Meshery server, but for end-to-end testing, we aim to get as close to a production environment as possible. We know developers might need to make some tweaks for Server. Rebuilding the whole project can take time, and we don’t support hot reload because it’s more for development than for end-to-end testing.

> Some test cases required you to have kubernetes cluster and build meshery adapter as well, be aware of that. Which is out of scope for this documentation<ul><li><a href="https://docs.meshery.io/installation/kubernetes/minikube">Kubernetes Cluster</a>: Installation of kubernetes cluster with Minikube.</li>
> <li><a href="https://docs.meshery.io/installation/multiple-adapters">Meshery Adapters</a>: Using Multiple Adapters</li></ul>

### Native OS Build (Recommended)

This approach is very quick to build, but also dependent on your operating system, so you need to have all dependencies necessary to be able compile and running the server.

> - Compile the Golang into binary file for Meshery Server

Reviewer 2: Perhaps, we shouldn't repeat the Meshery Server build instructions, but just point to that contributing docs page.

```bash

> make build-server

Reviewer 2: I don't know that we have one of these.

Author: it comes from ui contributing page

```

- Run the Meshery Server on localhost port 9081

```bash

> make server-binary

Reviewer 2: `make server`

yeah?
